solana/README.md, before:

# Solana Bridge Program

A cross-chain bridge program that enables seamless message passing between Solana and Base.

## Program IDs

- **Devnet Bridge**: `83hN2esneZUbKgLfUvo7uzas4g7kyiodeNKAqZgx5MbH`
- **Devnet Base Relayer**: `J29jxzRsQmkpxkJptuaxYXgyNqjFZErxXtDWQ4ma3k51`

## Overview

The Solana Bridge Program facilitates bidirectional communication between Solana and Base. It allows:

- Wrapping Base tokens in their SPL equivalents on Solana
- Transferring tokens between Solana and Base
- Calling programs on Solana from Base
- Sending calls to Base from Solana

## Getting Started

### Install Dependencies

```bash
bun install
```

### Build the program

```bash
cargo-build-sbf
```

### Testing

```bash
cargo test
```

## Usage

Make sure you have a funded solana keypair in `~/.config/solana/id.json`. You can use the `solana-keygen new` command to generate a new keypair. You can use this solana faucet to fund your account on devnet: https://solfaucet.com/.

```bash
# Create wrapped version of a Base token on Solana
bun run tx:wrap-token

# Bridge SOL from Solana to Base
bun run tx:bridge-sol

# Bridge SPL tokens from Solana to Base
bun run tx:bridge-spl

# Bridge back wrapped tokens from Solana to Base
bun run tx:bridge-wrapped-token

# Bridge a call from Solana to Base
bun run tx:bridge-call

# Prove message from Base and relay it to Solana
bun run tx:prove-and-relay-message

# Relay message from Base
bun run tx:relay-message
```

Commit message:

chore(scripts): improve Solana scripts (#84)
* chore(scripts): improve Solana scripts

* chore(scripts): add alias for internal imports

* chore(scripts): update README.md

* chore(scripts): wip plug scripts

* chore(scripts): add initialize base-relayer script

* chore(scripts): fix errors

* chore(scripts): re-generate

* chore(scripts): fix outdated constants

* chore(scripts): minor log change

solana/README.md, after:

# Solana Bridge Program

A cross-chain bridge program that enables seamless message passing between Solana and Base.

## Program IDs

- **Devnet Bridge**: `83hN2esneZUbKgLfUvo7uzas4g7kyiodeNKAqZgx5MbH`
- **Devnet Base Relayer**: `J29jxzRsQmkpxkJptuaxYXgyNqjFZErxXtDWQ4ma3k51`

## Overview

The Solana Bridge Program facilitates bidirectional communication between Solana and Base. It allows:

- Wrapping Base tokens in their SPL equivalents on Solana
- Transferring tokens between Solana and Base
- Calling programs on Solana from Base
- Sending calls to Base from Solana

## Getting Started

### Install Dependencies

```bash
bun install
```

### Build the program

```bash
cargo-build-sbf
```

### Testing

```bash
cargo test
```

## Usage

Make sure you have a funded solana keypair in `~/.config/solana/id.json`. You can use the `solana-keygen new` command to generate a new keypair. You can use this solana faucet to fund your account on devnet: https://solfaucet.com/.

The `scripts/` directory contains an interactive CLI for interacting with the program. See [scripts/README.md](../scripts/README.md) for detailed usage instructions and available commands.
